training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 132 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 141 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
Operation terminated by user during trainingsvm (line 13)

In svm (line 38)
  [a, b] = trainingsvm(x, y);
In main (line 36)
  totalcorrect = svm(y(:,i)', 5, x', index); 
>> correct
correct =
     []
>> main
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 132 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 141 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 142 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 140 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training complete for 5th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 144 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 132 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 113 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 112 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 141 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training complete for 5th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 111 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 112 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 110 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 131 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 141 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 129 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 132 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training complete for 5th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 130 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 140 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 115 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 112 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 113 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 113 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 109 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 131 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 143 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 130 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training complete for 5th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 135 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 140 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 110 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 128 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 139 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 131 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 142 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 137 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training complete for 5th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 130 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 129 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 134 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 129 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 133 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 138 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training complete for 1th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 123 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 111 out of 150
training complete for 2th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 127 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 116 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 122 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 113 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 118 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 125 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 126 out of 150
training complete for 3th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 119 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 132 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 4th fold
correct: 114 out of 150
training...
training complete for 5th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 6th fold
correct: 124 out of 150
training...
training complete for 7th fold
correct: 121 out of 150
training...
training complete for 8th fold
correct: 117 out of 150
training...
training complete for 9th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training...
training complete for 10th fold
correct: 120 out of 150
training complete for 4th category
training...
training complete for 1th fold
correct: 140 out of 150
training...
training complete for 2th fold
correct: 136 out of 150
training...
training complete for 3th fold
correct: 130 out of 150
training...
